Y
today is your special day
I'm going to reveal a great secret
millennial
but first let's look at a city
any animals of all races
suffer from a terrible disease and
highly contagious is called stress the
pressure of the clock and the desire already cause
victims giraffes with torticollis frogs
with muscle spasms and panda bears
constantly burdened in the middle of
this one runs the cows seem to be
the only ones not infected as they do
to be always calm in peace and
harmony with all its surroundings this is the
secret
yoga yoga means union yoga
works the body and the mind to be
healthy and happy let's learn something from this
art with expert bacán teachers
the Brahma brand sacred star and
serene
Being a diva is an exhausting trade
that's why I start every day with a greeting
to the sun that helps activate the centers
energetic to stimulate my confidence and
good humor and my self-esteem but about
everything helps me see the sun in
people around me if it serves you
she is not going to serve us all
stand with your feet together your legs
stretched the navel inwards the
arms and straight back feel firm
and stable as a mountain inhales
raising your hands to heaven and looking at you
the thumbs
exhale bending you with your head towards
knees with a clamp and nothing
bringing one leg back carries the
leg back and hold your breath in
plank posture table
exhale flex the elbows and knees
Bring your chest and chin to the floor
inhale stretch the arms and open the chest
this is the position of the cobra that
relax your back and open your heart
exhale up the tail stretch the arms and
put your head exhales look towards you
belly button
in a taking one foot forward and
supporting the knee exhale bringing the
standing forward bending you like a clamp
or anything by raising your hand palms against
Palm to the sky and looking at your thumbs
exhale bringing the hands to the heart
very well the greeting to the sun reminds us
that like this star we all shine
we radiate light and we have heat to
share
the story of the highland cow that
he managed to be unconcerned
Oh
but it is greater
I already feel bad enough without
I have to remember all the time
they want me to do I have five
stomachs and I can not help it if I'm not
for yoga it would be unbearable
I will show you something of what I do for
detoxify to purify me
relax to improve relaxation
Sit with your knees bent
outside as if they were the wing of a
butterfly the birds together
touching in the center brings a hand to
opposite knee and the other behind
the back
I looked over the opposite shoulder and
hold the posture for five
breaths
this posture helps cleanse the body
of toxins that cause stress
the history of the plant
two are better than one we are the give and
we work very concentrated but what
We do it with pleasure because our
refined you learn are appreciated in
everyone teamwork we
fun brings out the best in each and the
rugs are more beautiful because they are
made with love and joy
the yoga postures the team opens in
sana in the heart strengthen the system
nervous and allow emotions
flow
Sit back to back with a
friend straight trunk and stretched back
inhaling between the arms in the back
exhaling one of the two bows
forward while the other is cast
backward
so he took turns being once bread and another
time filled with blood
to finish we will make a practice
of relaxation to disconnect from
our worries
it's about the breathing of the bee
tampa the ear with your fingers or not
I still do not cover it
wait for me to finish giving
instructions because if you do not move today
With closed lips , a
sound like bee
and listen carefully to the sound feels
the vibrations that it produces in your
head enjoy it remember that peace and
the love that the world needs that are
saved in you
Y
one
time